readme.md, before:

atools collection
=================
RetroZock 2014
www.retrozock.com
retrozock@hotmail.com

A collection of C- Language subroutines and tools for processing *.ATR image files. 

Version
=======
Check individual source file.

License
=======
Not a clue yet. Which one should I use? For a start, please follow these simple rules:

    You are allowed to copy, distribute the files of this collection for non comercial use, as 
    often as you wish.
    
    Always include this file 'readme.md' with your copy.

    You are allowed and encouraged to chage and improve the source code files. 
    I would appreciate if you sent me a note on what you did.
 
Contents
========
The files named '_D2x_....'' are the main part of this collection. They are well documented but, for the time
being, german only. I'am sorry for that but, you are invited to contribute and everybody - no matter
if you can code or not - is invited to translate and create an english version.

The file ST.img is an FAT12 Atari ST compatible disk image that can be used with ST emulators such as
'NOStalgia'. The Image contains the latetes binary for TOS. 

File Structure
==============
File names resemble what the code does. All library routines for the Atari DOS 2.x FMS are called '_D2x_*.*'. 
All source code files and binarys using the Dos 2.x library functions are called 'at*.*' ('atdir' for example). 

Source Code structure
=====================
Function names resemble their origin. For example: D2x_init_image(....); shows, that this function can be found
within one of the files named '_D2x_*.*'
 
How can I use it?
=================
Have a look at the contents of the 'bin' folder. There you can find various tools  and their source
files making use of the library.

Commit message:

Changed dir structure. Packed all source- and man files into '0_src'.

readme.md, after:

atools collection
=================
RetroZock 2014
www.retrozock.com
retrozock@hotmail.com

A collection of C- Language subroutines and tools for processing *.ATR image files. 

Version
=======
Check individual source file.

License
=======
Not a clue yet. Which one should I use? For a start, please follow these simple rules:

    You are allowed to copy, distribute the files of this collection for non comercial use, as 
    often as you wish.
    
    Always include this file 'readme.md' with your copy.

    You are allowed and encouraged to chage and improve the source code files. 
    I would appreciate if you sent me a note on what you did.
 	

Binary's (and how to build them....)
====================================
You will find the latest binar's of all the tools in:
    Read ATR/bin/x86/Mac 

ONLY THE MAC OS BINARY'S ARE MAINTAINED AND YOU CAN BE SHURE THAT THOSE REPRESENT THE COMPILER RESULT WITH LATEST SOURCE CODE. 
ALL OTHER BINARY'S ARE NOT! (E.G. Atari TOS, MS- DOS...).

    Build the binary's on your Mac for your Mac:
    --------------------------------------------   
    If you change the source, then use the 'build_readATR.sh' script to compile the binary's. The executables will be written to
    the 'Mac- Os' 'bin'- folder' same applies the the manual files for the various tools. 

    Build the binary's for other platforms:
    ---------------------------------------
    Do it your self :-) Use your favourite compiler. 
    
    I have sucessfully build binary's on my Mac for the Atari ST using Vincent Riviere's binary's of the
    'm68k-atari-mint cross-tools' (see: vincent.riviere.fr).
    
Source Code files
=================
The files named '_D2x_....'' are the main part of this collection. They are well documented but, for the time
being, german only. I'am sorry for that but, you are invited to contribute and everybody - no matter
if you can code or not - is invited to translate and create an english version.

   File names
   -----------
   File names resemble what the code does. All library routines for the Atari DOS 2.x FMS are called '_D2x_*.*'.	
   All source code files and binarys using the Dos 2.x library functions are called 'at*.*' ('atdir' for example). 

Source Code structure
=====================
Function names resemble their origin. For example: D2x_init_image(....); shows, that this function can be found
within one of the files named '_D2x_*.*'
